So I hope you have your AWOS account up and running and ready to work with.
And in that case no time that we can sign into our A account to do debt.
There are of course a couple of ways that we can do it and you can simply click on the sign on to cancel
button right here and since I Proustian started a sign up process to show you it is still saying that
I have to complete this sign up.
But in your case it is probably saying sign into consol but other than that we can simply go to AWOS
canso using the u r l like consol dot AWOS dot Amazon Dot com.
And once I hit that
I'm showing with the sign in page.
And as you can see my e-mail is displayed right here and my password is auto filled by Chrome browser
so I can simply hit the sign in button right now.
And here we go.
Our AWOS management console is presented to us right here and by default as you can see it is redirecting
me to us east to region.
As you can see here are with the name of that it's Ohio Leydet and to simply switch the regions from
a Windows console you can simply click on this region name and you can simply select the region that
you want to work with on a W-S resources and for the account information as you can see my name is being
presented right here.
And once I click that I can check out my account my organization my billing dashboard my credentials
and so on.
And I can simply sign up using the button right here and just don't worry about the wings and sections
right here.
I'm going to be showing you all of them.
And once we go down below we have a new we have a nice little section on the top showing us the recent
services that we use with AWOS.
And you can simply navigate all services using this button right here.
And you can simply type for some services like.
Yes and you can simply go there just like that.
And if you have some service that you're using frequently you can simply pin them right here.
And once I click the pin button right there I can simply drag and drop services to top of my bar for
a W-S.
So let's suppose that I want to use the cloud watch more than most of my services and I want to have
it on top of my list for free.
We use services.
So one side Raggatt and I can just simply drop there and I can see it it's there and I can reach it
anytime I sign into a W-S console just like that.
So I'll just close this now and once we go down below we have the helpful tips for AWOS seeing things
like managing our coast creating an organization for a policy base and we're all based access to resources.
And once we go down below a little bit further on the left side we have the solution building sections
for AWOS.
These things include registering a domain starting a web application development project launching virtual
servers connecting to iOS devices launching virtual machines and so on.
So Amazon has some real nice tutorials about launching products and services on AWOS But of course these
are mostly on the manual way.
Since we're not going to follow that path we're simply going to skip on that section and we're going
to move one wondred our exploration of AWOS cons..
All right.
And on the bottom side of the page there is also a learned to build section in this section AWOS has
specific videos tutorials lectures and labs on some services on AWOS and mostly all of the services.
You should definitely check them out well you have the time and on the right side there is an explorer
a AWOS section in that section AWOS is simply advertising some of its most popular services to a WS
console users.
And now let's go back up and check out our account and I'll click on my username and I'll hit my account.
On my account I can see information like my account ID my account name and my contact information and
down below that the payment preference my alternate contacts and my security questions and things like
that and on the left pane of the window we have the sections like Bill's cost Explorer budgets reports
and all the things that I need to manage my A as counsel efficiently and properly.
So if I go down below the section let's say Explorer Amazon has a real nice feature for managing cost
and calculating things for your usages.
So coastal Explorer is just one of them and you can simply check out the details on every single usage
of your AWOS services and how much they cost you.
And if we go check out the other sections like payment history since this is a free Twitter account
and I simply didn't have to pay anything until now.
There is no payment right here.
And if I go to bills again I still don't have any bills to pay to AWOS and from my account section I'll
go check out my organization
on the organization's actions.
A.W. essay's a W-S organizations enables you to centrally apply police C-based controls across multiple
accounts in the AWOS cloud.
You can consolidate all your AWOS accounts into an organization and manage all A.W. accounts into distinct
organizational units.
So what simply says is that soon that you a very large very big company like let's say Siemens Netflix
or simply any other large company that uses AWOS as the cloud solution.
You have to manage your developers your admins your marketing guys and everything for their access to
a WS.
So you simply create your organization for your company and you're simply Dwight D.
Users roles and their access to a dubious console.
So this is simply that behavior for AWOS organizations.
It is very useful for large and very big companies using AWOS and otherwise is just simply pointless
to have as organizations enabled for a.
All right.
So let's go back and let's go to my billing dashboard.
So again since I'm on the free tier usage of AWOS I still don't have anything to pay to Amazon
and this is basically all about my account preferences for AWOS.
I hope you enjoy this little walkthrough of AWOS dashboard console and the accounts sections.
In the following lecture of course we're going to be digging much more into a dubius console and figuring
out a way that we need to find in our issue to NVP C-sections.